Now all the features are finished and the program is styled properly. Here’s my plan (don’t do anything just take note and advise):
1. For new users, they’ll see a landing page then click a button that says try now, they sign in or not (havent decided yet) then try the software
2. As they demo it, they can upload backgrounds first (as normal). If they are not a paying member, when they drag in designs, either by drag and drop/upload or add layer/add or change design button, there is a watermark over each mockup window and they cannot export selected, all or text (clicking export triggers payment prompt to pick a plan). Basically as a rule if they haven’t paid, any window with a design or layer over the background (2 layers) has a watermark they can’t remove, they also can’t save
3. They can try all the features and preview with watermark on a free tier. 
4. I’m thinking of introducing 4 tiers - free, starter, pro and premium in order. Premium allows all effects and transformations. Each other tier allows specific effects. For all users regardless of plan, if they have used pro or premium effects, they can see a small icon in the corner or above the mockup window that the effect is applied to to indicate this is a paid feature and for users on starter plan they will have watermark, on pro plan if they use premium features the premium will have watermark. If they are on starter plan they can export any non pro or premium effect containing mockups, logic follows for pro. If they try to export those they get a prompt to upgrade. Premium allows everything, no watermarks, no limits on effects.
5. Plans will have monthly, annual (shows monthly price discounted) and lifetime option.
 
Questions: 
1. Obviously I want people to create an account even if free as I’ll get their email. So after the landing page should I make them sign in with google/email to let them even try the software or just have the program pop up (less friction but no sign in)? Leaning towards making them sign in first after clicking through from landing page? Whats better for conversions
2. I’ve tried to fix all bugs but obviously there might be more. I am planning to deploy from GitHub > vercel and stripe with MongoDB. If I discover more, what is the process of patching them
3. What is the main security concern? I don’t want the to see all my code and logic. Do I need to separate the code?
4. What pricing structure would you recommend for a tool like this (be honest) - I want a good balance of conversions and profit
5. If I want to add features later eg saving mockups to database, pushing to shopify/etsy etc how do I do this without messing up payment plans? Is it an easy process to allow users 
6. How can users upgrade? Don’t want to charge them again obviously
	1.	Is it necessary to use Nodejs or nextjs or is vanillajs fine
 
Concerns:
Something breaks such that users either lose their saved data, I edit something or fix bugs and end up kicking users off stripe etc and they have to sign up to pay again, users on lower plans find ways to use higher tier features or export without paying
 
Have a look at my plan, answer the questions and concerns, and advise on the next steps and tech stack required. As a non technical developer is there anything you think I missed, from the point of view of a senior software engineer?
