Ok, the app itself is completely finished now and working but purely static. I just need to launch it. Here is what a user goes through. 

1. First they land on landing page (can build much later not a big issue now) then click through to the tool, where they see the app. They then start to test it out. The app appears as it does now but with a top bar with the mockup scripter logo, pricing, about section, etc etc.

2. They drag on their backgrounds, which appear and populate the screen with no watermark

3. They drag on their designs, which appear and populate the backgrounds, multiplying them out. Now each window has a watermark after they drag on the designs. A small prompt appears (or flashes) somewhere appropriate eg in the top bar with the logo (Remove watermark - upgrade to paid plan) and if they click the prompt they go to step x

4. Assuming they don’t pick a plan yet, they are free to test out all features. They select one or more windows and can transform with the fabric handles as usual, all watermarks staying in place.

5. They can also apply all the adjustments in the left sidebar. Adjustments under layers, appearance and mockup are as normal, however adjustments under warp & perspective, clipping, painting, create pattern, framing and background adjustments are marked with a small yellow star and the word PRO. If they apply normal adjustments (anything under layers, appearance, mockup) to any selected layers, the adjustments are applied as normal. However if they apply PRO adjustments, the mockup window has a tiny yellow star appear above it. (NB resizing, zooming, adding text, changing filenames is completely free for all)

6. When they are ready to export, they click export and whatever they click on under export (export text boxes, export selected, export all, png/jpg with any quality) they are taken to step 7

7. Their progress is saved automatically as json (in browser?) and they are taken to a page where they are prompted to login and create an account, which they can do with google or email. If email they should verify their account? Not sure how this works

8. Once they’ve created an account they are taken to a dashboard of saved progress files or payment plans page? Which one is better?

9. On the payment plans page they can see FREE, STARTER and PRO which lists the various features (eg export, export without watermark, warp & perspective etc). There are 3 options - monthly ($19/mo starter, $39/mo pro), annual (which makes them pay the full 1 year amount but shows them a cheaper monthly price, and is the default selected option), and lifetime - given 19 per month and 39 per month decide on reasonable prices for these. 

10. Once they select a plan they can enter credit card details with stripe, discount code, pay the appropriate amount for selected plan, get receipt, verification email, their account updated to which plan they’re on etc

11. Pro users can do everything the app has to offer so far (may add a pro plus plan for publishing directly to Shopify/etsy and storage but we’ll see). Starter users can do everything except use pro left sidebar features. If a starter user applies a pro effect e.g. cylinder warp to any selected window that window still marked with yellow PRO star, and if they try to export that PRO window then it prompts them to upgrade their plan to PRO (haven’t calculated prices yet, any suggestions for how this would work?) but if they can export non PRO windows fine. PRO users can export all windows fine, but they still see the PRO star (reminding them they have paid for these extra features)

12. In the very top bar containing the logo and site navigation they can see an account button on top right, they can navigate to settings where they can manage personal details, plans or payments. They can also see their current projects.

13. If they click on projects they can see their saved mockup projects (json) in progress and the json they just created with the watermarks is visible. They can click that progress project and see what they just saw as they were editing. They can also create new project by clicking + new in the projects dashboard page or navigating to the app and dragging fresh backgrounds or file > new or new project in top bar (any other suggestions?)

14. In their dashboard they could also see a mockup counter with estimated amount of time the program has saved them. Any other suggestions welcome.

Critique my plan as a senior software developer, what is good and any improvements?
